I Want To Write a Docker called "MyAnonamouseRenewarr" it is to be tested on a windows 11 pc with DockerDesktop as the test environment, but will run on an unraid server running with Docker. It must handle the file paths for both environments for testing.


It will have a beautiful but simple web interface. All parts of the windows will have relevant information displayed when the mouse is hovered over the user elements.

The application window will have a header at the top with the title "MyAnonamouseRenewarr" written by Ahazi and a version number.
Under that it will have the buttons to switch between advanced and basic modes and a cog icon to open the config page.

The middle part will change dependant on advanced of basic mode.

There will be a footer at the bottom of the advanced and basic windows showing a status area that shows feedback from any of the commands issues or functions that are called.


The advanced mode screen will have the following buttons. (format is "Button Name" : Followed by a description of what it does.)

In a box called "Step 1"
Button "Get IP's": Open a log file  and work out what the External IP address is, and works out what the current IP is for Prowlarr.

In a Box Called "Step 2"
Button "Log into MAM" Open and Log into the Website called "Myanonymouse"
Button "View Sessions" : Switch to the security page of myananamouse
Button "Delete old Sessions" : Delete all of the old sessions
Button "Create qBittorrent Session" : Creates a new session for Myanonamouse qbtitorrent client that is  "ASN Locked" and "Allow Session to set Dynamic SeedBox". it is based on the External IP Address, and it will Copy the cookie generated by Myanonamouse.
Button "Create Prowlarr Session" : creates a session for the Prowlarr Docker
Button "Logout MAM"

In a box called "Step 3"
Button "Log into qBittorrent" : Open a console window on the Qbittorrent docker.
Button "Send Cookie to qBittorrent" : Sends the cookie to qbittorrent embedded into a block of text that will form a command, and check that it is successfull.
Button "Logout qBittorrent" : Logs out of qBittorrent

In a box called "Step 4"
Button "Log into Prowlarr" : Opens window into the Prowlarr Docker
Button "Send Prowlarr Cookie"
Button "Logout of Prowlarr" : Logs out of Prowlarr

The Basic mode screen will have
a button called Fix All
a button called fix MyAnonamouse
a button called fix Prowlarr
a Button called Run on Timer
a section that allows the selection of a time in 24 hour clock format
a box called "Random Minutes" to allow the user to input a number of minutes.


The Config Page will allow the user to set the following.
At the top of the config window a "Light mode" and a "Dark mode" chosen using an icon of a sun this setting will be saved in the config file. The Light mode will have dark text on a light background, and the dark mode will have light text on a dark background. All text and all backgrounds will be affected by the light/dark choice.

in a box Called "MyAnonamouseRenewarr"
Config Folder: this is a path to the dockers setting file. Default is the standard docker config location, "/mnt/user/appdata/MyAnonamouseRenewarr"
LogLevel: a choice of "Info" or "Debug" that will choose the logging level for this Docker.

in a box Called "QBittorrent" 
qBitLogfile path : This is the path to the file qbittorrent.log

in a box Called "MyAnonamouse"
Username: a field that will contain the users login name
Password: a field that will store the password 
Myanonamouse url: the web address of the Myanonamouse Website. Default is https://www.myanonamouse.net/
Security Page: the web address for the page to set and delete session cookies. Default is https://www.myanonamouse.net/preferences/index.php?view=security

in a box called "Unraid"
Unraid IP: the IP address of the unraid server running the dockers Default is 192.168.1.55
Username: the username to log into unraid. the default is "root"
Password: the password to log into unraid.

in a box called "Prowlarr"
Prowlarr url. The address and port number for the Prowlarr docker. default is 192.168.1.55:9696
Username. the prowlarr login username
Password. the Prowlarr login password.

All passwords will be saved encrypted and there will be an "eyeball" icon that allows the user to view the password when clicked.

There will be a "Save Config" box that saves the config and a "Cancel" box that reverts any changes without saving.
